LORE (Chronological Order)

note: rizzing tips and all extras songs are non-canon.

Skibidi Week (1)
-----------------------------
Plains - Dave meets BF once again and BF asks Dave for a rap battle. Dave agrees, and they both rap battle.

2nd song (unnamed) - Dave and BF say bye and Dave meets an unknown entity in the forest, and rap battle it.

Post 2nd song - Dave finds out that it is a skibidi entity that can turn anyone into their skibidi toilet form. Because of this, Dave turns into his skibidi toilet form.

Amogus Week (1)
-----------------------------
Pre Mewing Master (1) - Tristan tries to ask Dave for help on something, but Tristan finds out that Dave had turned into his skibidi toilet form. Tristan is shocked, and starts crying, but it is too late. Dave throws Tristan into the Brainrot World.

Pre Mewing Master (2) - Bambi teleports to Dave's house, but Bambi can't find him. After minutes of searching, Dave comes right next to Bambi by surprise and throws Bambi into the Brainrot World as well.

Skibidi Week (2)
-----------------------------
Skibidi Dave - Dave meets BF once again and BF is shocked about Dave's appearance. Dave forces BF to rap battle him one more time, and BF hesitantly agrees.

Post Skibidi Dave - Dave becomes furious and throws BF into the Brainrot World as well.

Sigma Week (1) / Amogus Week (2) [happen around the same time] 
-----------------------------
Sigma - BF finds himself in the Brainrot world, where he seems to be in the Bikini Bottom. Boyfriend accidently knocks into Squidward, and convinces Squidward to rap battle him. Squidward agrees and they rap battle.

Mewing Master - After hours of searching for someone, Tristan and Bambi finally meet eachother. They find an among us creature who has been mewing for quite a while, and Tristan and Bambi rap battle the among us creature as well.

GET OUT - BF rap battles Squidward again, and Spongebob joins the party.

3rd Sigma Song - BF, Squidward, and Spongebob all hear a strange noise, and turns out it is Dave. Dave rap battles all of the three.

Post 3rd Sigma Song - Dave kills Squidward and Spongebob, and tries to chase BF, but Dave loses his eye on BF at the end.

Let Them Burn - Tristan and Bambi rap battle the among us creature again.

3rd Amogus Song - Dave comes into the rap battle scene and raps Tristan, Bambi, and the among us creature.

Post 3rd Amogus Song - Dave kills the among us creature and Bambi and Tristan teleport to where BF is at.

Random Brainrot Week
-----------------------------
Skibidi Rizz - BF sees Tristan and Bambi teleport to him, and they search to see if anyone is around, and they find LankyBox, and they rap battle LankyBox.

Skibidi Slicers - BF, Tristan, and Bambi also come across Grant Wisler, and they rap battle him as well.

Skibidi Battle - Dave forms into an even bigger entity and comes into the battle. Everyone (BF, Tristan, Bambi, LankyBox, and Grant Wisler) comes together and rap battles Dave.

Post Skibidi Battle - Dave kills LankyBox and Grant Wisler and traps BF, Tristan, and Bambi into the world, unable to escape.

Finale Week
-----------------------------
1st Finale Song - BF, Tristan, and Bambi are trapped inside Dave's mind, and they are forced to rap battle him.

ETERNAL EDGING - BF starts to hallucinate about the people who have died (Amogus, Squidward, Spongebob, LankyBox, and Grant Wisler) and starts to rap battle them. Bambi and Tristan join in as well.

fin (end in french) - BF, Tristan, and Bambi escape Dave's mind and they kill Dave, and they are teleported back to Earth.